Well, I didn't have to open, much less, mouseover your Transformers reference to get the Stan Bush tune that was contained therein, and considering I have been playing and running tabletop RPG games for over 20 years, I'll assume that the geek quota has been fulfilled, so I’ll get into the meat and potatoes of why this job thrills, excites, and scares me all at the same time.

First of all, to know a bit about what I’m good at, you have to review my work history.  I’ve decided to create this more like a document to read than a typical resume.  I figure a conversational breakdown might come across better.

I enjoy people.  I enjoy ideas.  I especially enjoy communicating an idea to people in a way that excites them.

Take my current job.  I work for Telus, and my position involves teaching people how to use their new and newish smartphones.  I love it because I get free, top of the line mobile phones every few months to throw my SIM into, then I go to town learning why one model is different than the next.  I will admit that most iProducts are my favorite for one main reason: the experience of not only owning one, but the entire surrounding brand culture that starts with walking into an Apple Store, and ends with opening the box to turn on the product for the first time.  That branding of a lifestyle is what encourages me to always strive to communicate a similar experience to the clients that I train.

I have to admit that I’m a huge Google products fan.  I take the opportunity of my position to spread the word of Google to everyone I meet, and teach.  I know that I’m in the right kind of position where I get a *literal* chill up and down my back (no joke!) every single time I show clients how Google sync works.  As I watch them type in a new contact onto my work terminal and they immediately see it appear on their phone, the “Wow!” they exclaim makes me feel that I have enriched their lives all the more. It might sound cheesy, but this is why I enjoy communicating products to people in a language of enthusiasm that they understand. People what to see why they should embrace a new technology or way of doing things.  The end result makes the process that much easier, and more rewarding. I try to apply that philosophy to everything I do.

Prior to my current position, I taught people how to use their PC and OSX products, provided hardware and software support, all from the mantle of my own small business.  While I enjoyed it immensely, I did also discover that my entrepreneurial spirit is best if combined with a similar perspective from a small team to support and be supported by, which is why I took the position with Telus.  I also had not had a vacation in some time, as running a business requires long hours!

Before my own business, I worked as a certified Apple Technician, doing in (and out of) warranty repairs.  This gave me access to learn more about the hardware that I grew up with (Apple user since the age of 6), but the time locked away in a windowless room for 3 years with only 2 other techs drove me back into the customer service that I have known and loved.

Prior to this I have worked a smattering of other customer service positions, and did my time as a Director of Sales and Market Research in a dotcom in the 2k boom.

So when it comes to all things tech-y, I have it locked down.  When it comes to socializing and teaching in exciting ways, I have it in spades.  I’ve been trained and certified to develop presentations and seminars using the ADDIE model, and I’m really looking for the next big challenge.  I want to join a team where my talents and skills are respected, and my weaknesses are identified and strengthened.

The one area that I am not so caught up on is the programming/coding side.  I am not ashamed to admit that I have little skill in this area, but the qualifications listed empowered me to start learning. I currently work 10+ hour days, live in the Market, and work in Orleans, so spend weekends and some evenings voraciously consuming all the information I can… I realize it requires time, practice, and dedication, and am willing to invest in teaching myself what I need to know through online, and if required, face to face, hands-on application.  From some of the tutorials I have completed, I am finding Ruby to be a pretty easy to understand environment so far, and enjoying playing around with the language. Since the position isn’t open for another 2-3 months, I figure that if I am a good fit for the job that I can continue to make learning the language a priority. I hope that my expensive customer service background, coupled with my years of teaching and training all different types of people will fit the position I hope to fill. 

What really drove me to apply for this was friends all saying that this would be a perfect fit for my current skillset, and the fact that it would teach me to explore/advance new avenues that I am less comfortable with… I feel that this position would allow me help Shopify grow not only as a product, but also as a brand. It would provide an experience that I would be proud to endorse as an ambassador and a teacher, inspiring companies to develop for the API platform.

TL;DR: I’m geeky enough and savvy enough with technology, customer service and training.  With time and encouragement invested in learning Ruby, I will be the perfect candidate for this job.

Standard Resume follows…

Telus Learning Specialist
August 2010-Current
Teaching clients and businesses (groups) to use their smartphones for the specific tasks they wish to apply them to.  Going above what is expected by offering Google Product solutions (both free and business models). Additional tasks include team motivation, leadership, Network maintenance, and all manner of IT upkeep.

MooreWorks (dissolved)
July 2003-December 2010
Focus applied to training clients in the use of their computers, software, and all manner of mobile devices. Specialized in providing this information in an easy to understand format/vocabulary, both solo and group format.  Also provided hardware + software upgrades to Apple and Windows-based computers

Authorized Apple Technician
4/2006 - 9/2008 iService Depot, Ottawa, ON
Certified to complete warranty and non-warranty work on behalf of Apple Inc. (by obtaining and upgrading both software and hardware Apple Certifications for both Apple Desktop and Portable systems) Diagnosed and resolved both hardware and software issues in efficient timeframe.  Also began teaching clients individually and in groups how to more effectively use their computers.

Sales and Service Representative
10/2001 - 1/2003 Telus Mobility, Ottawa, ON
Worked in both Sales and service roles, while meeting and exceeding sales goals set by management. Although a corporate store, I implemented a new service program to fix and replace damaged units, focused on my customer service perspectives.  I also used my personal product knowledge to provide above-normal tutorials on Bluetooth, syncing, IR, and other emerging technologies to interested clients

